## **Netlog Data Engine and Throughput calculator**

### **Overview**

The Netlog Data Engine is a Node.js script designed to parse and analyze network log (Netlog) files generated by different test server. It extracts relevant information such as byte counts, latency, HTTP stream job IDs, and socket IDs from the log files and generates structured output files for further analysis.


### **How to run**

Navigate to the project directory in the terminal. You need have access to netlog files along with the url.txt files of the experiments you want to conduct. If you do't then navigate to the '/generate_netlog' folder to get those files.  

Run the script using the following command from the root directory of the project:

    node netlog.js <directory_path_of_netlog_and_urls_files> <server_name>
    python throughput_with_plot.py <directory_path_of_netlog_and_urls_files>

Replace <directory_path_of_netlog_and_urls_files> with the path to where you can find your netlog and urls files. It is also the same folder where byte_time_list.json and latency.json gets populated. <server_name> should be the name of the server you're conducting this experiment for

The processed data will be written to output files in the folder structure <CARROT>/<ookla_(download or upload)>/<kind of experiment>/

### **File Structure for the analysis directory**

 - netlog.js: Main Node.js script for processing Netlog data.

 - throughput_with_plot.py : calculates the throughput using the bytetime and time provided by netlog.js file. this file and also plots the charts using exponential moving average

 - execute.ps1 - A script file that can run every file in the CARROT directory and generate it's byte_time and latency files using the netlog file and also calculate the throughput and plot it. To run this file the netlog and url files need to be under CARROT/<folder>/<subfolder>

 - CARROT/: Directory containing files to experiment with
    - ookla_download/: This directory has the multi and single flows that has the download experiments. 
    - ookla_upload/: This directory has the multi and single flows that has the upload experiments. 
    
    Each folder in this directory has a netlog file and an url.txt. It gets populated with byte_time_list.json and latency.json once you run the netlog.js file

 - plots/: once you run the throughput_with_plot.py file, all the plots from the experiments in CARROT subdirectory is stored here.

 - README.md: This README file providing an overview of the project and instructions for usage.

